Update custom to generic terminology (#2265)
hashicorp/design-system: website/docs/components/flyout/partials/guidelines/guidelines.md

## Flyout body

> The body of the Flyout supports any generic content, local components, or Helios components via an **instance swap property** (customInstance) in Figma. In code, `yield` is supported.

Author: ```suggestion
The body of the Flyout supports any generic content, local components, or Helios components via an **instance swap property** (genericInstance) in Figma. In code, `yield` is supported.
```

> The body of the Flyout supports any generic content, local components, or Helios components via an **instance swap property** (genericInstance) in Figma. In code, `yield` is supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The body of the Flyout supports any generic content, local components, or Helios components via an **instance swap property** (`genericInstance`) in Figma. In code, `yield` is supported.
```

> The body of the Flyout supports any generic content, local components, or Helios components via an **instance swap property** (`genericInstance`) in Figma. In code, `yield` is supported.

Reviewer 2: [polish] creating consistency in how we talk about Figma properties.

```suggestion
The body of the Flyout supports any generic content, local components, or Helios components via an instance swap property (`genericInstance`) in Figma. In code, `yield` is supported.
```

## Flyout footer

The Flyout footer is a persistent content area at the bottom of the Flyout, and supports additional descriptive content, links, actions, and any other generic content or Helios components. 

The Ember and Figma components account for the footer in slightly different ways, though both can achieve the same results:

- The Ember component is a generic container that yields elements passed to it.

> - The Figma component consists of a variant for the number of actions, as well as support for generic content with `instance swap`.

Reviewer 2: [polish] creating consistency in how we talk about Figma properties.

```suggestion
- The Figma component consists of a variant for the number of actions, as well as support for generic content via an instance swap property.
```
